Document `verbatimModuleSyntax` for TS 5.0 users (#2891)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/typescript.mdx

This way, you avoid edge cases where Astro's bundler may try to incorrectly bundle your imported types as if they were JavaScript.

> In your `.tsconfig` file, you can instruct TypeScript to help with this.

Reviewer: Hmm, it’s not really a “value” but I can see why you don’t like the current phrasing. What do you think of this?

```suggestion
You can configure TypeScript to help you use the correct kind of import in your `.tsconfig` file.
```

> In your `.tsconfig` file, you can instruct TypeScript to help with this.

Reviewer 2: Is it "help you use" or just "use"?

If it is helping, then ideally a more descriptive word as to what it's doing is best, though I'm happy with the updated suggestion! Non-blocking!

(e.g. If it's easy enough to define: TypeScript "helping you" means "enforcing" ... "expecting"...? then you could say something like "You can configure Typescript to expect the correct kind of import ..."

> In your `.tsconfig` file, you can instruct TypeScript to help with this.

Reviewer: Right, the “help” is that TypeScript will tell you to use `import type` if you just had `import` and the thing being imported is only a type. Here’s an example (using the “old” `importsNotUsedAsValues` setting):

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/357379/227351204-f388021a-f3de-476a-b99d-b3fdfe5b4b80.png)

> In your `.tsconfig` file, you can instruct TypeScript to help with this.

Reviewer: Maybe this?

```suggestion
You can configure TypeScript to enforce type imports in your `.tsconfig` file.
```

> In your `.tsconfig` file, you can instruct TypeScript to help with this.

Reviewer 2: This sentence looks amazing!

<Tabs client:visible sharedStore="typescript-version">
	<Fragment slot="tab.4.9">TypeScript ≤4.9</Fragment>
	<Fragment slot="tab.5.0">TypeScript ≥5.0</Fragment>

	<Fragment slot="panel.4.9">
		Set [`importsNotUsedAsValues`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#importsNotUsedAsValues) to `"error"`. TypeScript will check your imports and tell you when `import type` should be used. This setting is included by default in our `strict` and `strictest` templates.

    ```json title="tsconfig.json" ins={3}
    {
      "compilerOptions": {
        "importsNotUsedAsValues": "error",
      }
    }
    ```
	</Fragment>
	<Fragment slot="panel.5.0">

> 		Set [`verbatimModuleSyntax`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#verbatimModuleSyntax) to `true`. TypeScript will check your imports and tell you when `import type` should be used. This setting is included by default in our `strict` and `strictest` templates.

Author: It is not true that this setting is included in our template, `importsNotUsedAsValues` is with another setting preventing it from erroring on 5.0.

Not sure if it really matters since they kinda do the same thing (though `verbatimModuleSyntax` is just better), but still, technicalities
